Update the README of the text classification example (#9237)
huggingface/transformers: examples/README.md

**Coming soon!**
-->

## Distributed training and mixed precision

All the PyTorch scripts mentioned above work out of the box with distributed training and mixed precision, thanks to

> the [Trainer API](https://huggingface.co/transformers/main_classes/trainer.html). To launch one of them on 8 GPUS, use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Trainer API](https://huggingface.co/transformers/main_classes/trainer.html). To launch one of them on the number of GPUS you have, use
```

or maybe `n` GPUS because below we are using `number_of_gpu_you_have` in the command
